# Architecture Decision Records (ADRs)

    Architecture decision records are the traces of our choices
    That shape the design of our systems and solutions
    They explain the why and the how of our voices
    And help us learn from our successes and confusions.

---

**ADR 001 :** We are dealing with naturally ordered flow of data. We must maintain this order throughout the entire system and base our decisions on the fact that this flow generally goes on one direction only, from sensor to monitor.

**ADR 002 :** We have just three things we should do with sensors data flow: store them, analyze them on the fly, and display them. All these tasks can be performed independently in parallel.

**ADR 003 :** Data flows generated by different patients are completely independent, so we can scale our components horizontally based on this fact.

**ADR 004 :** There are out of the box components (Apache Kafka) which allow to route large quantities of events while maintaining their order, so we can base our components interconnection on them.

**ADR 005 :** The amount of data generated per daily cycle is relatively small for the contemporary storage capacity, so we can rely on data duplication to increase reliability.

**ADR 006 :** Patients can potentially be reassigned between hospital rooms and respectively between different sensors (monitoring devices), so we should track the correspondence between the patient and the device in the separate database. The best fit here is relation database.

**ADR 007 :** Raw data, snapshots, alerts, patients data, external clients (mobile devices) data are independent, so we can keep them in separate databases of type that fits best.

**ADR 008 :** We should keep data secure, so we will encrypt data in the Raw Data Dbs, Parients Db, Alerts Db, Snapshots Db and External Clients Db so they won't be accessed by technical personnel.

**ADR 009 :** We will implement role based access to the system relying on on premises authentication provider since there are no requirements concerning seamless integration and/or SSO with other external systems (except occassional data exports to the MyMedicalData).

**ADR 010 :** To monitor the system itself, we will collect monitoring data through separate Kafka query from which they will be picked up by one monitoring component which in turn will act as adapter for the out of the box monitoring system of choice (Prometheus, Scom, Zabbix, etc.).

---

[Back](./README.md)