# Business Goals

Description of the company, it's products and goals for the further development.

# Background

[StayHealthy, Inc.](https://stayhealthy.com) is a privately held corporation that creates web-enabled healthcare monitoring products. It was founded in the dot-com era by CEO John Collins, and produces devices that monitor and measure such aspects of one's health like blood pressure, heart rate, body weight, body mass index, body composition, body fat (adipose tissue), visual perception, and calories burned.

The company's current products include: the Body Composition Analyzer, which reads an individual's body composition with no appreciable difference from hydrostatic weighing or the DXA scan; a HealthCENTER Kiosk, which has numerous configurations (Body Composition, Blood Pressure, Weight, Hearing, and Vision); Research Activity Monitor; and the Stayhealthy Activity Monitor (SAM) calorie tracker.

# Business goals & solutions

[StayHealthy, Inc.](https://stayhealthy.com) currently has 2 popular cloud-based SAAS products: MonitorThem and
MyMedicalData.

MonitorThem a comprehensive data analytics platform that is used for hospital trend and performance
analytics—alert response times, patient health problem analytics, patient recovery analysis, and so on.

MyMedicalData is a comprehensive cloud-based patient medical records system used by doctors,
nurses, and other heath professionals to record and track a patients heath records with guaranteed
partitioning between patient records.

[StayHealthy, Inc.](https://stayhealthy.com) is now expanding into the medical monitoring market, and is in need of a new medical
patient monitoring system for hospitals that monitors a patients vital signs using proprietary medical
monitoring devices built by [StayHealthy, Inc.](https://stayhealthy.com) - MonitorMe.

---

[Back](./README.md)