# Requirements

### Reading Data

• MonitorMe has to reads data from eight different patient-monitoring equipment vital sign input sources: heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen level, blood sugar, respiration rate, electrocardiogram (ECG), body temperature, and sleep status (sleep or awake). 

### Sending Data & Response Time

• MonitorMe then sends the data to a consolidated monitoring screen (per nurses station) with an average response time of 1 second or less. 

### Displaying Data

• The consolidated monitoring screen displays each patients
vital signs, rotating between patients every 5 seconds. There is a maximum of 20 patients per nurses station.

### Recording & Storing Data

• For each vital sign, MonitorMe must record and store the past 24 hours of all vital sign readings. A medical
professional can review this history, filtering on time range as well as vital sign.

### Throwing Alerts If Needed

• In addition to recording raw monitoring data, the MonitorMe software must also analyze each patient’s vital signs and alert a medical professional if it detects an issue (e.g., decrease in oxygen level) or reaches a preset threshold (e.g., temperature has reached 104 degrees F).

### Setting Threshold Values

• Some trend and threshold analysis is dependent on whether the patient is awake or asleep. For example, if the blood pressure drops, the system should notice that the patient is asleep and adjust its alerts accordingly.
The same is true with the respiration rate and heart rate. For example, all of these vital signs are reduced when the patient is asleep, but if awake something might be wrong.

### Receiving Alerts Notifications

• Medical professionals receive alert push notifications of a potential problem based on raw data analysis to a StayHeathy mobile app on their smart phone as well as the consolidated monitoring screen in each nurses station.

### Fault Tolerance

• If any of vital sign device (or software) fails, MonitorMe must still function for other vital sign monitoring (monitor, record, analyze, and alert).

### Snapshots Functionality

• Medical staff can generate holistic snapshots from a patients consolidated vital signs at any time. Medical staff can then upload the patient snapshot to MyMedicalData. The upload functionality is within the scope of the MonitorMe functionality and is done through a secure HTTP API call within MyMedicalData.

## Engagement Models

### Device (a.k. Vital Signs Tracker)

**Description:** Monitoring device that contains eight different patient-monitoring vital sign input sources.

Collect vital signs information when active and then sends them to MonitorMe application.

### Monitor (a.k. Consolidated monitoring screen)

**Description:** Just some kind of screen/display that is only used to show data to medical stuff.

It doesn't store anything, it doesn't ask for anything, it just receives data, refreshes it when necessary and displays it.

### Nurse 

**Description:** A separate role among all the medical staff that oversees the Nurse Station and monitors the patients' condition (some kind of administrator).

Monitors vital signs changes when is on the station.

### Medical Stuff (a.k. Medical professionals)

**Description:** Doctors, assistants, etc. who just looking forward the patients.

Can generate holistic snapshots via MonitorMe application if needed.

### Nurse Station

**Description:** Some kind of Reseption with Monitor.

### Patient

**Description:** Person who was sent to the hospital for treatment.

## Architecturally significant business requirements

### 1. Deploy as an on-premises system

MonitorMe will be deployed as an on-premises system. Each physical hospital location will have its own installation of the complete MonitorMe system (including the recorded raw monitoring data).

### 2. External SaaS products integration

Integration is only required with an existing SaaS service called MyMedicalData to store holistic snapshots. Integration with MonitorThem is not required and can be done on purpose if needed to be able to provide more detailed information about patients.

### 3. On-prem architectural solutions

StayHealthy. Inc. will be providing a comprehensive hardware and software for this system. The platform, data stores, databases, and other technical tools and products are unspecified at this time and will be based on your
on-prem architectural solution.

## Significant Non-Functional requirements

The system will be built from scratch depending on each hospital requirements and it may have some mechanism to be able to import an existing hospital information about the patients.

As this is a new line of business for StayHealthy, they expect a lot of change as they learn more about this new market.

StayHealthy, Inc. has always taken patient confidentially seriously. MonitorMe should be no exception to this
rule. While patient monitoring data must be secure, MonitorMe does not have to meet any government regulatory requirements (e.g., HIPPA).

---

[Back](./README.md)